What?
Pardon me?
A slap 10,000
Oops you rotten gambler
Pretend to be rich with me here, right?
I'll see if you can pull out 10,000
Just a slap 10,000 right?
How dare you blow
If you were that rich
I'm also standing here for you to fight
See if you can come up with 10,000
Or I'll smash your face in
A hopeless gambler
You owe me a thousand dollars
And yelling about slapping people for 10,000 yuan
How dare you be so arrogant if you don't owe money?
No wonder he's a loser
I'll try it.
Oh, you can't fight.
Your second aunt's son is an official in the Chamber of Commerce
If you hit your second aunt
What about your business with Xiaoshuang?
Mom, this kind of person is just kicking his nose on his face
Don't give them some color to see
They will only get worse
You don't have to worry about business
Ouch hey I heard that right
You gambler
When will you start doing business?
Ouch.
You wimp, if you could do business
That sow can climb a tree
Oh yeah, stop talking nonsense and pay back the money.
Good money I will pay
But a slap of 10,000 has not been hit yet
Yo ho
I see you are endless
Come come come
I'll just stand.
Let you fight let you fight let you fight
I see you have tens of thousands of dollars to ask for money, right?
Keep your eyes peeled.
That's a lot of money.
Put your face
Reach out